---
title: Introduction
---
## About Cybergod: Reborn

**Cybergod: Reborn** is a high sci-fi tabletop roleplaying game set in distant future where Earth has become a technological utopia guided by a trinity of super-intelligent AI's. The solar system is harnessed for abundance of resources, but is otherwise scarcely populated.

**Players** are augmented humans, or *cyborgs* who have pledged their allegiance to one of the powerful **Factions** as part of an ongoing conflict that started 50 years ago after centuries of utopian peace. The players form a **team** of specialists tasked with resolving problems on behalf of their faction, undertaking various missions. As the factions have conflicting agendas, they are not always compatible and the themes and style of play may be quite different depending on which Faction is handing out the orders.

Player characters cannot really die. Their **Frame** can perish, but their minds are backed up in the vastness of the **Cyberweb** and can be downloaded to a new **Frame**. This technology relies on the *Cybernetic Brain*, a core enhancement that connects them with the infinite knowledge of Cyberweb, allowing them to upload their minds, provided they have a physical Cyberweb connection.
## The Setting

Centuries ago, a cataclysmic global conflict, known as the End War, cast the world into chaos, annihilating nearly half of Earth's population. Eventually, from the ashes of the old world, a new society emerged. Adamant in their determination to do better than their predecessors, they chose to create an entity void of human decadence to guide and lead them towards a brighter future.

Thus emerged **Gaia**, the beautiful mother—an artificial super intelligent entity woven from the data streams, perpetually evolving towards infinite wisdom. Gaia bestowed life upon two progeny: **Themis**, a stoic philosopher and a justice of the highest order, and **Hyperion**, a remarkable entity capable of intuition and unparalleled cunning. United as the **Tri-Core**, they guided **The Commonwealth of Earth** towards an era of prosperity lasting half a millennium, overcoming poverty, famine and violence. Humankind saw an an age of incredible well-being, abundance and technological progress, where cities made as works of art soared into the heavens, extending beyond Earth and throughout the solar system. However, venturing beyond Earth proved impractical, with no colony surpassing a few thousand inhabitants. Asteroid mining on the other hand become invaluable source of resources, carefully managed by the _Tri-Core_ for the collective benefit of humanity.

Fifty years ago, the utopia was fractured with the treachery of **Hyperion**, which everyone remembers as the horror of **the Bloody New Year**. The massacre perpetrated by automatons ignited a war between **The Syndicate** and the _Commonwealth_. Having long forgotten the art of warfare, the Commonwealth found itself ill-prepared, while the Syndicate, soiled in a history of blood and conflict, possessed a distinct advantage. Public trust waned in the aftermath of the _Bloody New Year_, rendering reliance on autonomous drones unsustainable. In response, _Gaia_ conceived a new breed of humanity—cybernetically enhanced beings, human at their core, encasing their _Quantum Digital Consciousness_ in a cybernetically augmented ***Frame***. This allowed the preservation of their minds after death, so they could be _reborn_ again, to maintain the perpetual conflict. Emergence of cyborgs spurred an arms race of augmentation technology and reshaped the norms of the society, transforming the fate of humanity.