---
title: Psionics and otherworldly horror
---
*The Order of the Void* claim they have made contact to an otherworldly being called *The Sensible*, who has bestowed the *Gifts of the Sensible* to them, turning them into something more than humans. No third party has been able to confirm their claims of the Sensible, but the *Gifts* are all too real, manifesting in strange rapid mutations that transform the bodies of the *Blessed* into what could only be called as otherworldly biological horrors.

As the Order transcends flesh, the Commonwealth has learned to transcend the mind. Through nanotechnology they have learned to access the psionic realm, best described as an unseen fabric between dimensions. Reaching out to the PSI, as they call it, they can manipulate anything connected to it. But the technology is new, strange and classified and holds many dangers. Some say that *entities* lie dormant within the PSI, or linked to it, and using it too much may attract them. Nevertheless, in the last few centuries, as serious study on Psionics began, there has been an emerging number of psionic incidents among common population, leading to theories that *something* might be emerging from within. The public still isn't completely aware of anything happening in this realm, but many conspiracy theorists have voiced their opinions on this, and as the relative frequency of *psionic incidents* intensifies, it may soon be difficult to hide this. Regardless, *Section 12* works tirelessly to keep the public oblivious of any such things happening.