### Utopia and Dystopia

In **Cybergod: Reborn**, the backdrop is a Technological Utopia undergoing a major crisis, and a sweeping change. The Commonwealth of Earth, governed by two remaining thirds of the Tri-Core, operates as a resource-based economy and commands authority over all facets of life of their citizens. A majority, roughly 60% of the human population, resides in colossal constructs known as Mega Cities, enjoying the abundance in necessities and luxuries alike. Another 10% live under Commonwealth laws, but in smaller rural or micro-urban communities designed for optimized agricultural or industrial production.

The Economy of Commonwealth is completely resource-based and everything is meticulously tracked, but through smart optimizations and incentivization, every citizen can still enjoy abundance in commodities. Humans are resources as well: children are tested annually for their Aptitude, so they could be suggested a vocation best suited for their talents. Adult life is mostly stress free, and in most vocations workweek is minimal and all tasks can be executed perfectly by machines, and humans are left as the designers and overseers of systems - assisted by artificial intelligence of course. Instead social, artistic and other recreational activities are given ample time, and the amount of entertainment and culture available is staggering. Medical care and Mental health are top priorities and provided free of charge to every citizen.

Everything is a resource, and resource allocation is orchestrated through a sophisticated system of **Resource Points**, meticulously tracking consumption and recycling efforts, but also human resources. Children are tested throughout school years for their Aptitude, and their vocation is all but chosen for them. Staying on the planned path merits rewards in Resource Points, which incentivizes every individual to contribute to the sustainability of their society. Despite such control, individuals are given great liberties—freedom of expression and action, with complete transparent accountability. This society thrives on intricate philosophical and ethical debates, grounded in verifiable scientific data.

However, even in this utopia, dissent simmers. Ideological factions, notably those resisting the grip of _technocommunism_ overseen by the _Tri-Core_, fiercely reject the idea of serving godlike entities who exist only in the depths of the Cyberweb. The advent of cyborgs and the prospect of practical immortality have only made the dissident voices louder and more fanatical, fueled by the fear of change.

The remaining 30% of population are _incogs_, individuals whom cannot be tracked for one reason or another, and may not even register in the system. Some have chosen this life willingly, sometimes traveling the Wilds in nomadic tribes, while others are merely victims of circumstance. Many incogs reside in **Syndicate** controlled **Free Ports**, liberated anarchistic territories declared havens for criminals and opportunists. Free Ports rule by their own laws and reject the Commonwealth's ideals. Free Ports are also an ideal substrate for the *Order of the Void*, which has taken aggressive action to spread their religious zeal in freeports, resulting in both in political machinations and gritty street-level confrontations against the Syndicate.

Another segment of population resides in the *Ground Zones*, or *GZ*. Ground Zones are literally at the base of the Mega Cities, a melting pot of refugees and outsiders who wish for a better future. With no choice but to await for citizenship or relocation status, they are compelled to eke out an existence with whatever means available. Despite the Commonwealth's resource provisions, corruption, crime, and disorder fester among the ramshackle slums and makeshift shanty towns that often lack running water or electricity. The glaring socioeconomic disparity has long been a stain on the Commonwealth's legacy. Private corporations and criminal enterprises exploit this vulnerability, reshaping the GZ for their profits. Commonwealth Regulators attempt to maintain order with constant patrols, but their efforts are dwarfed by overwhelming odds and insufficient resources, as the Ground Zones waver on the brink of collapse.